The task You are working as a system administrator in a start-up company that is experiencing a rapid period of growth. As such, they are recruiting lots of new staff, and your manager has tasked you with speeding up the process of user account creation. The HR department has provided you with a CSV file of new employees (on Blackboard) who need accounts creating on the system. Your task is to write some shell scripts to provide the following: 1. An entry point to your program (command wrapper) that will enable the user to perform the following tasks: 1.1. Provision of simple help 1.2. Data extraction and transformation 1.3. User account creation 1.4. Process management 2. Logging of the date and time (and the username) whenever each action is invoked This should all be as “bullet proof” as possible, so you should test your scripts. Document what you have done in your report. Note: seeing as you will not be able to create real user accounts on the system, the extent of user account creation will be the provision of a directory based on the users’ name. It is suggested that these user folders are created in a “users” directory. Consider placing your scripts and the “users” directory inside a parent folder to keep your work separate from anything else you have done on the student-unix system. In more detail The program entry point (wrapper) [14 marks] As you are required to provide multiple features in your program, the user must have an entry point into the program where they can specify the action they wish to use. You will need to figure out an appropriate way to do this. For example, the user should be able to run a command such as userman import <filename> or userman list. 
 
Remember that you will need to use appropriate encapsulation and separation of your program logic in order to facilitate all parts of this task. You must make sure that you have appropriate error handling and exception reporting along with the use of exit codes. No matter the action the user takes, program execution should not be blocked. For example, when you simulate the long-running user account creation process, the main entry point to your program should exit and those account creation processes must run in the background. 
Help [2 marks] If the wrapper script is invoked with no arguments, it should output a short help message to standard error, then exit with an exit code indicating failure. Data extraction and transformation [18 marks] The input file will be a CSV file with the following fields (one record per line): Name,Email,Department,Manager You will need to use appropriate extraction and transformation techniques ready for the next part of the task. This will include basic data validation and you should handle and log any exceptions that occur. A file of test data can be found on Blackboard. User account creation [22 marks] Using the data from the previous task, you must create user account directories as per the indicative mark scheme (below). You will need to scaffold a user directory for each user in the CSV file and they should all have at least the following directories: • Documents • Pictures • Videos You should also generate a “Welcome.txt” file for each user in their Documents directory that has the following content: Welcome to the business, <NAME>. We are pleased to have you working in the <DEPARTMENT> department. If you have any questions, please speak to your manager, <MANAGER> Your email address is <EMAIL> 
 
It is also necessary for you to simulate this process as a long-running task in order for you to be able to complete the next task. Process management [10 marks] For this part of the task you will need to provide three process management options to the user that enables them to display a list of current account creation processes (as you will have simulated them to be long-running). They should also be able to kill all of these processes at one and export a list of currently running processes to a file name “export.txt”.   
Logging [14 marks] You will need to provide a log file to report the results of at least the following: • Successful user account creation • User account already exists • When the option to ‘Kill’ all account creation processes is used The log files should be in their own directory and the file name should be the current date in the format specified in the mark scheme. Each entry in the log file should be timestamped and provide the users username (which you will have formed), where applicable. You should not overwrite any log files, so whenever they are written to, ensure the entries are added to the file. Write Up [20 marks] In addition to the scripts, you are required to provide a short informal write up (800 words) describing how key aspects of code meet the requirements for this task. 